---
title: "Developing Situation: Something is up with Patreon"
date: 2022-09-08
---

Hey, I don't usually write these kinds of posts, but I have been made aware of a
post on twitter that seems fairly credible. It seems that the
[Patreon](https://patreon.com) security team has been let go.

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Whoa <a href="https://twitter.com/Patreon?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@Patreon</a> laid off their ENTIRE security team. <br><br>Wouldn’t trust my data there. Also there’s some amazing talent to scoop up.</p>&mdash; Whitney Merrill (@wbm312) <a href="https://twitter.com/wbm312/status/1567974063578185728?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">September 8, 2022</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

This claim was followed up with [this link to
LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/posts/emetcalfe_opentowork-activity-6973709234702032896-Ef6h/)
which I will screenshot below:

![](https://cdn.xeiaso.net/file/christine-static/blog/Screenshot+2022-09-08+200956.png)

At this time, this is all we know. We don't know what is going on beyond the
fact that one person who claims to be a former Patreon employee saying that they
were let go along with their entire team. This is all we know.

<xeblog-conv name="Cadey" mood="coffee">I am not trying to diminish anyone's
roles here, I am trying to focus on the _facts_ of the situation in an effort to
stem the tide of people wondering what is going on.</xeblog-conv>

I have never seen this happen before. I don't know what this entails. I am
operating under the assumption that this does not mean there's a security
threat. I would encourage you to do the same. Acting rashly and panic-closing
your patron account can lead to content creators' livelihoods being affected.

There is going to be a lot of misinformation going around. Trust nothing but
official statements from Patreon the company. This is going to have a lot of
fear, uncertainty and doubt. Resist the temptation to fall victim to the panic.
This is not the time for panicking. This is the time to watch and wait. We don't
know what is going on. All we know is that someone who claims to have worked at
Patreon claims to have been let go.

That's it.

Please don't destroy the livelihoods of the creators you support by taking rash
action out of fear from the uncertainty of this event. This does not help
anyone.

If anything significant happens, I'll either update this post or create a new
post with the summary of changes. Until then, remain vigilant against
misinformation. Lies go around the world in the time it takes the truth to tie
its shoes.
